README.md, before:

# cwl-dummy

Generates CWL files that do nothing.

## Usage

Install via Pip:

```
python3.6 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install git+https://github.com/wtsi-hgi/cwl-dummy
```

Then run cwl-dummy on the tool or workflow you'd like to mock (in the
case of a workflow, all tools and subworkflows used by the workflow will
be automatically recursively processed):

```
cwl-dummy my-workflow.cwl
```

Fix any errors reported, and check all warnings, then run the
newly-generated workflow:

```
cwl-runner my-workflow.cwl.dummy
```

## Limitations

cwl-dummy does not use schema-salad to preprocess documents, so it's not
able to cope with documents that make use of more complex schema-salad
features (`$graph`, `$import`, `$include`, relative identifiers, etc.).

## License

Copyright (C) 2018 Genome Research Ltd.

cwl-dummy is distributed under the terms of the MIT license, a copy of
which can be found in the file `LICENSE`.

cwl-dummy is based on [cwl-upgrader][], which is used under the terms of
the Apache license, version 2.0; a copy of the Apache license is
available in the file `LICENSE.APACHE`.

[cwl-upgrader]: https://github.com/common-workflow-language/cwl-upgrader

Commit message:

Update README to mention cwl-dummy-tool

README.md, after:

# cwl-dummy

Generates CWL files that use [cwl-dummy-tool][] to do nothing.

[cwl-dummy-tool]: https://github.com/wtsi-hgi/cwl-scheduler-tests

## Usage

Install via Pip:

```
python3.6 -m venv venv
source venv/bin/activate
pip install git+https://github.com/wtsi-hgi/cwl-dummy
```

Then run cwl-dummy on the tool or workflow you'd like to mock (in the
case of a workflow, all tools and subworkflows used by the workflow will
be automatically recursively processed):

```
cwl-dummy my-workflow.cwl
```

Fix any errors reported, and check all warnings, then run the
newly-generated workflow:

```
cwl-runner my-workflow.cwl.dummy
```

## Limitations

cwl-dummy does not use schema-salad to preprocess documents, so it's not
able to cope with documents that make use of more complex schema-salad
features (`$graph`, `$import`, `$include`, relative identifiers, etc.).

## License

Copyright (C) 2018 Genome Research Ltd.

cwl-dummy is distributed under the terms of the MIT license, a copy of
which can be found in the file `LICENSE`.

cwl-dummy is based on [cwl-upgrader][], which is used under the terms of
the Apache license, version 2.0; a copy of the Apache license is
available in the file `LICENSE.APACHE`.

[cwl-upgrader]: https://github.com/common-workflow-language/cwl-upgrader
